Docs: New Getting Started (#4547)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Getting-Started/getting-started-installation.md

---
title: Install Langflow
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /getting-started-installation
---

You can deploy Langflow either locally or as a hosted service with [**Datastax Langflow**](#datastax-langflow).

> ## Install Langflow Locally

Reviewer: Use sentence style capitalization on headings.

Install Langflow locally with [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/) or [pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/installation/).

### Prerequisites

* [Python 3.10 to 3.12](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3100/) installed
* [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/) or [pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/installation/) installed
* Before installing Langflow, we recommend creating a virtual environment to isolate your Python dependencies with [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) or [conda](https://anaconda.org/anaconda/conda)

> ### Install Langflow

Reviewer: Since the title of the overall page is "Install Langflow", you should use a different title here. Suggest using "Install Langflow with pip or pipx"

Install Langflow with pip:

```bash
python -m pip install langflow
```

Install Langflow with pipx using the Python 3.10 executable:

```bash
pipx install langflow --python python3.10
```

## Run Langflow

1. To run Langflow, enter the following command.

```bash
python -m langflow run
```

2. Confirm that a local Langflow instance starts by visiting `http://127.0.0.1:7860` in a Chromium-based browser.

> 3. Continue on to the [Quickstart](/getting-started-quickstart).

Reviewer: Avoid using numbered steps for things that aren't required. Suggest making this a paragraph below step 2 that says something like "Now that Langflow is running, follow the [quickstart](/getting-started-quickstart) to create your first flow."

> ## Manage Langflow version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Manage Langflow versions
```

> langflow runTraceback (most recent call last): File ".../langflow", line 5, in <module>  from langflow.__main__ import mainModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'langflow.__main__'
```

There are two possible reasons for this error:

1. You've installed Langflow using `pip install langflow` but you already had a previous version of Langflow installed in your system. In this case, you might be running the wrong executable. To solve this issue, run the correct executable by running `python -m langflow run` instead of `langflow run`. If that doesn't work, try uninstalling and reinstalling Langflow with `python -m pip install langflow --pre -U`.
2. Some version conflicts might have occurred during the installation process. Run `python -m pip install langflow --pre -U --force-reinstall` to reinstall Langflow and its dependencies.

### Something went wrong running migrations

```bash
> Something went wrong running migrations. Please, run 'langflow migration --fix'
```

Clear the cache by deleting the contents of the cache folder.

This folder can be found at:

- **Linux or WSL2 on Windows**: `home/<username>/.cache/langflow/`
- **MacOS**: `/Users/<username>/Library/Caches/langflow/`

> This error can occur during Langflow upgrades when the new version can't override `langflow-pre.db` in `.cache/langflow/`. Clearing the cache removes this file but will also erase your settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error can occur during Langflow upgrades when the new version can't override `langflow-pre.db` in `.cache/langflow/`. Clearing the cache removes this file but also erases your settings.
```
